Reader, still reeling from his best bro and actual brother Jerome’s death in The Lost Rip, is contacted by Haltmann to help stop the riots in Grandiose City. With SiIvaGunner now awake, he took control of the channel back, but gave up on making high quality rips thanks to his inability to remember the Figments. 

Reader tells Haltmann that he'll be able to assist him, but states they need to meet in his Minecraft realm. Despite Haltmann's refusal to pay for a Minecraft Realms server, the two of them eventually meet as Reader explains that they must contact Wood Man by building a statue of him made out of Brown Bricks. 

Upon the statue's completion, Wood Man joins the game and asks Reader on what they need from him. Reader explains that he needs Wood Man's help to return to the SiIva world, with Wood Man responding that Reader should contact Haltmann on Skype again. Reader follows Wood Man's instructions as the latter appears in the Voice's office and once again pulls Reader into the SiIva world. 

Reader heads towards the supply closet to begin preparing for a ritual. Reader uses chalk given to him by Wood Man to draw a circle with a star inside before placing down several objects and a pizza they ordered inside and around the circle. After the trio finishes singing "GO MY WAY!!", the objects and pizza begin to glow as The Voice Inside Your Head is resurrected. 

The Voice asks Wood Man if he unplugged SiIva from the dream machine, to which Wood Man replies that SiIva is now awake. After The Voice realizes that they no longer have access to SiIva's computer, a crucial component to reviving the dead figments, the four all come to the agreement that they need to steal it from SiIva. 

Reader, Haltmann, Wood Man, and The Voice break into SiIva’s house. Once there, they brainstorm how to gain access to the now-protected PC. Wood Man suggests that he could try infecting the PC again, but Haltmann shoots down his suggestion and decides to hack the computer himself. He then gives Reader and the Voice the order to keep an eye on SiIva, while Wood Man stays behind to guard him. 

Reader and the Voice enter SiIva's bedroom, which is littered with the corpses of the deceased figments. Meanwhile, Wood Man asks Haltmann if he’s ever eaten a good burrito while the latter attempts to hack SiIva's computer. Wood Man talking about burritos results in the computer's "burrito firewall" activating as alarms start ringing. Back in SiIva's bedroom, the blaring sirens cause SiIva to grimace inside his bed as Reader leaves to check on Haltmann and Wood Man, who frantically attempt to stop the alarm. Haltmann manages to successfully alter the Figment Transportation Device so that Reader can use the Dream Machine and use his memories of the figments to revitalize them.

Voice runs into the living room and warns the others that SiIvaGunner is waking up, with Haltmann hacking the PC as fast as he can. The crew hears SiIvaGunner getting out of bed as the statue himself menacingly stands in his room's doorway. SiIva is enraged by Haltmann and the others' attempt to hack his computer and shoots out Mother Brain’s rainbow beam from Super Metroid for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. Reader jumps out of the way of the laser, which obliterates Count Cannoli after he walked inside SiIva's house, and puts the Dream Machine helmet on his head. Haltmann presses a key as everyone is blown back by a blast of green light, including SiIvaGunner. 

Strange noises come from SiIva's room as our protagonists anticipate the figments' emergence. Felix the Cat emerges from SiIva's bedroom while looking identical to his last encounter with Reader, which reveals that the revived figments are still under the influence of Halloween Spirit. 

Reader turns around to see Grand Dad, back from the dead and retaining a mark from Wood Man's slap. SiIvaGunner restrains Grand Dad and tells our heroes that Easter Spirit is the only way to cure the corruption caused by Halloween Spirit. They hop inside the Voice's pimp car and drive back to the Voice's Tower.

The Voice digs through his database and finds a "Haltmann file" about a giant rabbit living on Easter Island and how people in that area are mysteriously revived. Haltmann concludes that these resurrections are caused by Easter Spirit and Reader explains that they need to infiltrate Easter Bunny HQ on Easter Island, which Reader knows exists thanks to Easter egg cartons. The party of four agrees to travel to Easter Island, but don't know how as their aircrafts were destroyed and they can't reach it on foot. Suddenly, a brick is thrown through the wall telling them that Wood Man can open holes to different places in a rude manner. 

After reaching Easter Island through Wood Man's portal, Haltmann activates his egg detector to locate the Easter Bunny's headquarters, which leads the quartet to a Moai head. The Moai won't let them access the Easter Bunny's HQ until they give him gum and blasts the Voice away after he tells him they don't have any. Wood Man remembers that he's a tree, squeezes gum out of his loins and gives it to the Moai. The Moai is pleased by Wood Man's offering of gum and leaves the hole he lived in, which ends up revealing a hatch leading to Easter Bunny HQ.
Our protagonists enter the hatch and meet the Easter Bunny. The Voice pulls out a revolver and forces the rabbit to hand the Easter Spirit over to him, but the Easter Bunny destroys the Voice's gun. The Easter Bunny asks why they want his spirit, to which Reader replies they need it to revive their friends that were killed by Halloween Spirit. The Easter Bunny is annoyed by Reader's response, as he's always forced to clean up the problems caused by Halloween Spirit. Due to said annoyance and people constantly trying to obtain Easter Spirit to revive their dead friends, the Easter Bunny refuses to hand over his spirit to the heroes. 

Before he can finish his rant, however, the Easter Spirit is killed by Wood Man snapping his neck. Reader notices a cardboard box containing Easter Spirit, which takes the form of multicolored Easter eggs, and learns that the eggs must be consumed to use the spirit. Wood Man grabs the box with Easter Spirit and the quartet tries to leave through the hatch, but are forced to take the back entrance when the hatch doesn't budge. On their way out, our heroes find out the Easter Bunny had been using a rabbit sweatshop to make his chocolate delicacies. They use Wood Man’s hole to return to Grandiose City.

Back in Grandiose City, the civilians became restless as no new rips were being made for the dead figments. Arriving back at SiIva's house, the party of four sees the resurrected figments surrounding SiIva, with some of them kicking him while the others were cheering. Wood Man tells the figments to stop attacking SiIva, with Tito Dick, Felix and Smol Nozomi threatening to do the same to the quartet if they don't turn back. Wood Man tells Donkey Kong to open his mouth and throws Easter Spirit inside of it, which cures him of his corruption. This results in a fight breaking out between the quartet, assisted by the now-cured Donkey Kong, and the remaining corrupted figments.
Reader panics and sees Grand Dad leaping towards him with a knife, holding it against his throat. He accepts his incoming demise, but is saved by Wood Man just in time by slapping Grand Dad once more and slipping an egg inside his mouth to cure his corruption. Wood Man and Reader hug each other, with the latter thanking the former for saving his life. The rest of the figments are eventually turned back to normal, with Santa Claus and Loud [Friend] being revived as figments, and they all celebrate by hosting a pizza party.
Near the end of the pizza party, Reader is approached by Wood Man, who offers to revive his best bro and also actual brother Jerome as a figment to thank him for his assistance. After Jerome is fully revived as a figment, Reader hugs him before both of them are sent back to the real world by Wood Man. Reader wakes up inside his bed, runs to his computer to confirm if what just happened was real and sees that the channel is active again as well as another note from Wood Man. This note includes another "thank you" message from Wood Man and informs Reader that he'll be unavailable for a while due "some tournament" going on and him having bought a house. Reader hears footsteps and turns around to see Jerome at the doorway, and they greet each other.
Back at the Easter Bunny HQ, the freed rabbits celebrated their newfound freedom by holding a bomb eating contest hosted by Bane. This bomb-eating contest was also attended by Wood Man and The Mask, but some of the rabbits instead decide to host a pizza eating competition by using provided by Mr. Aziz. The rabbits who ate the bombs passed away.
In the depths of hell, Count Cannoli meets with Satan, who greets him after his most recent demise. Count Cannoli explains that he was killed by a laser this time and claims that he'll probably head out again in a couple hours, before leaving to take a nap.
Meanwhile, GameChap and BertieChap exploring a Minecraft replica of Wood Man's mansion from A Murder Not Too Nice. They eventually come across a set of bookshelves and a chest containing music discs and a book. GameChap opens the book to reveal that it contains diary entries written by Wood Man in-between the events of "The Lost Rip" and this video. These include lamenting not being able to create burritos in Minecraft, shopping at the Gaylord Hotel with Unregistered Hypercam 2 and Princess Heavy, and winning a replica of his Minecraft mansion.